File List and description

1) Batch_sim : A matlab script for importing batches of song from a folder and converting them into a format so that hctsa toolbox can operate on it. Needs the `batch.txt` file generated by `drif` command. For additional information of hctsa toolbox refer to Instruction.docx

2) Batch_sim_split : Script operates similar to Batch_sim and additionally splits the songs into windows for faster opration by hctsa toolbox. Splits each song twice once starting from the inital data value and the next one starting from half of the window size considered. Needs the `batch.txt` file generated by `drif` command.

3) Plot_segments : Script file for plotting the segmented song based on color codes whcih are proportional to the prediction probabilities obtained from a linear SVM classifier trained on features extracted from the songs. ``TS_classify_label`` of hctsa has been slightly modified and can be found in this repository.

4) Understand_SVM : Creates a 2 dimensional non-linearly separable dataset, trains an SVM model with radial basis function kernel and plots it to help understand and visualize how the algorithm operates. 

5) Master_script_commandlist : A list of commands commonly used in the execution of hctsa codes. 

6) Dataset_Combination : Matlab script showing how the different datasets are combined and labelled. 

7) Boosted_Trees_Matlab : Matlab Script showing how to format the feature values after hctsa execcution so that maltab classifier toolbox and commands can operate on it.

8) Boosted_Trees_Matlab2 : Similar to the script `Boosted-Trees_Matlab`. Additionally performs dataset equalization and compares performance of Random Forest Classifier and Linear SVM. Calls function `plotConfMat` for Confucian matrix plot.


Additional Functions

1) TS_classify_label : Modified version of TS_classify_label function of hctsa to obtain the probability values associated with classifier prediction.
2) plotConfMat : Cusotm matlab code found on matlab website for Confucian matrix plotting.
3) 
